4758 link to explicit bucket schemas leads to 404 (#4783)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/cloud/organizations/buckets/create-bucket.md

---
title: Create a bucket

> seotitle: Create a bucket in InfluxDB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
seotitle: Create a bucket in InfluxDB Cloud
```

## Create a bucket using the influx CLI

To create a bucket with the `influx` CLI, use the [`influx bucket create` command](/influxdb/cloud/reference/cli/influx/bucket/create)
and specify values for the following flags:

> | Requirement                    | Include by |
> |:-------------------------------|:-----------|
> | Organization                   | `-o`       |
> | Bucket                         | `-n`       |
> | Retention Period Duration      | `-r`       |

Reviewer: What are you thoughts on using a list instead of a table here?

```suggestion
- `-o`, `--org`: Organization name
- `-n`, `--name`: Bucket name
- `-r`, `--retention`: Retention period duration
```

Author: > What are you thoughts on using a list instead of a table here?

I prefer the list.

> The following example creates a bucket with a retention period of seventy-two hours:

Author: ```suggestion
The following example creates a bucket with a retention period of `72` hours:
```

```sh
influx bucket create -n my-bucket -o {INFLUX_ORG} -r 72h
```

## Create a bucket using the InfluxDB API

To create a bucket with the InfluxDB HTTP API, send a request to the following endpoint:

[{{< api-endpoint method="post" endpoint="https://cloud2.influxdata.com/api/v2/buckets" >}}](/influxdb/cloud/api/#operation/PostBuckets)

In your request body, specify values for the following properties:

| Requirement          | Include by       |
|:---------------------|:-----------------|
| Organization         | `orgID`          |
| Bucket               | `name`           |
| Retention Rules      | `retentionRules` |

> The following example creates a bucket with a retention period of `86,400` seconds, or twenty-four hours:

Author: ```suggestion
The following example creates a bucket with a retention period of `86,400` seconds, or 24 hours:
```

```sh
{{% get-shared-text "api/v2.0/buckets/oss/create.sh" %}}
```

_For information about **InfluxDB API options and response codes**, see
[InfluxDB API Buckets reference documentation](/influxdb/cloud/api/#operation/PostBuckets)._

## Create a bucket that enforces explicit schemas

> A bucket with the `explicit` schema-type enforces [measurement schemas that you define for the bucket](/influxdb/cloud/organizations/buckets/bucket-schema/) and rejects writes that don't conform to any of the schemas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A bucket with the `explicit` schema-type enforces [measurement schemas that you define for the bucket](/influxdb/cloud-iox/admin/buckets/bucket-schema/) and rejects writes that don't conform to any of the schemas.
```
